src/posts/first-post.md, before:

---
title: "First Blog Post"
author: "Vikram S. Negi"
date: 2025-03-11
description: "This is my first ever blog post on this website."
thumbnail: "c0b7099fa2677135.webp"
---

I have been meaning to write something for quite some time now. The hope is to create a blog site that renders markdown files to HTML. I have thought of creating a custom static site generator powered by `pandoc`.

## Objective of Writing

I don't particularly have a solid reason to write, only the fact that I would sometimes like to record my own thoughts down somewhere. I would also like to record my journey of learning new things in life, like a new programming [language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language) or a new skill.

I understand the importance of writing your thoughts down, it can be seen as sharing knowledge and experiences though text. Maybe writing down stuff will help me organize the thoughts in my mind more clearly.

## Some Rules to Follow

Here are some rules that I would like to follow in order to give some sort of structure to these posts.

1. Must include at least one image.
2. Minimum word limit of 400 words.
3. Human generated written content.
4. Have fun in creating writing.

Somehow I believe that these rules will ensure some level of quality in the work I put into these posts.

## Humanity of Content

I appreciate the beauty in nature or stories that are created by humans. In the world of AI generated slope it has become all the more valuable and enchanting. Here I will make an exception for using an diffuser models for generating thumbnail images for these blog posts. 

Generating images is a fun process that I personally enjoy doing in my free time. The thumbnail image will be added later by the program that will translate this markdown file to HTML. Hopefully, I see this project through and create something amazing.

## Content Details

![A knight resting near a campfire.](/assets/imgs/resting_knight.webp)

The content of these blog posts will not be fixed, meaning one can expect a dirverse range of topics like technology, history, philosophy, movies, books, and my opinions on things I care about in life.

I cannot promise the entertainment value or the information outcomes of these posts, as I don't claim any expertise in an of the aforementioned topics. The language used would likely be informal and the vibe would be like a personal diary.

I hope the reader is fascinated by the content they read on this website. It is a mystery how the brain of a hominid works and what it find engaging enough to create megalithic structures, like this online blog website.

Commit message:

icon fix and rm pandoc

src/posts/first-post.md, after:

---
title: "First Blog Post"
author: "Vikram S. Negi"
date: 2025-03-11
description: "This is my first ever blog post on this website."
thumbnail: "c0b7099fa2677135.webp"
---

I have been meaning to write something for quite some time now. The hope is to create a blog site that renders markdown files to HTML. To achieve this I decided to use Eleventy static site generator framework.

## Objective of Writing

I don't particularly have a solid reason to write, only the fact that I would sometimes like to record my own thoughts down somewhere. I would also like to record my journey of learning new things in life, like a new programming [language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Programming_language) or a new skill.

I understand the importance of writing your thoughts down, it can be seen as sharing knowledge and experiences though text. Maybe writing down stuff will help me organize the thoughts in my mind more clearly.

## Some Rules to Follow

Here are some rules that I would like to follow in order to give some sort of structure to these posts.

1. Must include at least one image.
2. Minimum word limit of 400 words.
3. Human generated written content.
4. Have fun in creating writing.

Somehow I believe that these rules will ensure some level of quality in the work I put into these posts.

## Humanity of Content

I appreciate the beauty in nature or stories that are created by humans. In the world of AI generated slope it has become all the more valuable and enchanting. Here I will make an exception for using an diffuser models for generating thumbnail images for these blog posts. 

Generating images is a fun process that I personally enjoy doing in my free time. The thumbnail image will be added later by the program that will translate this markdown file to HTML. Hopefully, I see this project through and create something amazing.

## Content Details

![A knight resting near a campfire.](/assets/imgs/resting_knight.webp)

The content of these blog posts will not be fixed, meaning one can expect a dirverse range of topics like technology, history, philosophy, movies, books, and my opinions on things I care about in life.

I cannot promise the entertainment value or the information outcomes of these posts, as I don't claim any expertise in an of the aforementioned topics. The language used would likely be informal and the vibe would be like a personal diary.

I hope the reader is fascinated by the content they read on this website. It is a mystery how the brain of a hominid works and what it find engaging enough to create megalithic structures, like this online blog website.
